REQUESTED TODO:
put edit mode inside of grid  (but.. how?)
	
When clicking delete, confirmation popup should appear first
when page first loads, make sure to fire the there are no unsaved changes, incase another form has screwed it lol
Re-add dropdown text, for time travelling debugger
	But first, test to see how it looks without it

Implement Hospitalizations
Implement CallRecordings
Implement CCDs (jebus, there is no edit, only read?) wait, that is easy lol
Filter above each header
Don't sort on header click :/ oh my
Place sort icon next to header
show default sorted column?
oh my... haha... when they change recordTypeId from Category, need to change the edit view
Try and find some better icons for the dropdown menu

LOW TODO:
Validation is a bit meh, a bit of duplicated code, and had to convert everything to string to validate
I have double border around the grids
Cleanup C# PeopleRecords, kind of tangled, but not yet. (unused stuff?) (super duplicated stuff?) [no reason to be in same class right?]
Have active row highlight?
The whole form post to javascript to ports thing is a mess, but meh.
See if I can set the rectangle to be more intelligently positioned (right now it has to do all the offsets for stuff)
FacilityId is coming from window, and it seems to like... not be there 10% of the time, lets see if we can explicitly pass it
For example, when you are on page 12, and you filter down to like 20 rows, the highlighted row is gone
When page left is disabled, you can still click it.
Re-add port \ subscription
Dropdown menu on right
Style checkboxs
Remove main.js from git
put private column stuff back in Common (see bottom of Records/Main.elm
Save request won't put form in error state if it fails
I think most of the requests right now are ignoring messages
Save request won't put form in error state if it fails
I think most of the requests right now are ignoring messages
How can I put Elm-Make command as apart of vscode instead of needing to up arrow use recent command
	see: https://github.com/Krzysztof-Cieslak/vscode-elm/blob/master/package.json
	
Edit Button's class name is "-Column", and I am styling that class, but if we have any columns without a name... how to handle?
	Maybe have a type, Column-With-ClassName function?
put project on github



On Deploy Todo:
	Validate File stuff still works
	DateTime is still correct
	Ask why PreviousEnrollment has a comments column in the grid, but not on edit?
	how does dropdown item "Save to Client Portal" work?